There we go.
One is our own flesh and blood
How could it be catastrophic, mom?
Dad is so nice to me now
You weren't home yesterday
Dad has been with me all day
We had a great time chatting
That's good, just have fun chatting
Mom is relieved
But Mom Li Hongying is Song Yuanjiang's daughter
He only has one kidney now.
How could I possibly donate my kidney to my brother again?
You are far away
Of course not.
As long as you can save Xiaohui's life
Just a Li Hongyi
His life or death means nothing to me
That would be fine.
This is my Li Hao's mayor donation agreement
As long as you make him nod
All proud
Arrange a second hand immediately.
Okay, I'm going to find a toilet now
I need to get started.